Rename `ppr_to_ppm` pass to `merge_ppr_ppm` (#1688)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  Disabling program capture can be done with `qml.capture.disable()`.

> * The `ppr_to_ppm` pass has been renamed to `merge_ppr_ppm` (same functionality). A new `ppr_to_ppm` will handle decomposition of non-Clifford PPRs into PPMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `ppr_to_ppm` pass has been renamed to `merge_ppr_ppm` (same functionality). A new `ppr_to_ppm` will handle direct decomposition of PPRs into PPMs.
```
